The rules for Lines Of Action (LOA) - in Questions and Answers.

Q: What do I need for playing LOA ?
A: Loa is played on an 8x8 checkerboard. Each of the two players has
   12 identical stones. One player plays white, the other one black.

Q: What's the initial position ?
A: Here is the initial setup of the standard version of the
game. 

 8  - B B B B B B -
 7  W - - - - - - W
 6  W - - - - - - W
 5  W - - - - - - W
 4  W - - - - - - W
 3  W - - - - - - W
 2  W - - - - - - W
 1  - B B B B B B -
    a b c d e f g h

Q: What's the object of the game ?
A: Bring all your stones on the board into one connected
group. "Connected" means both, diagonal and orthogonal.

Q: Who begins ?
A: black

Q: And then, in turn, each player moves one stone ?
A: Yes !

Q: In which directions may I move ?
A: You may move in any direction, but it must be a straight line (queen
line).

Q: How far may I move ?
A: You must move exactly as many squares as there are stones on the
line of movement. All stones count, yours and your opponents. E.g. If
you want to move to the right, you have to count all stones on that horizontal
line. Then you know how far you must move.

Q: Could you show me an example ?
A: Yes, but later :-)

Q: May I jump over my own stones ?
A: Yes!

Q: May I jump over my opponents stones ?
A: No, but if you land on a stone of your opponent, his stone is
captured and removed from the board for the rest of the game.

Q: May I land on one of my own stones ?
A: No, you can only land on free positions or on an opponents stone
(capturing it).

Q: What about the example ?
A: Ok, here it is:

8  - - - - - - - -
7  - - B W - - - W
6  - - - - - - - -
5  - - - - - - - -
4  - - - - - - - -
3  - - W - - - - -
2  - - B B - - - -
1  - - B - - - - -
   a b c d e f g h

Look at the stone on c7. You can move this stone one square on any
diagonal line because there are no other stones on these lines. 
You can't move this stone to the left, because on the horizontal line are
three stones, so you would jump over the border.
You can't move to the right because you can't jump over the white
stones.
You can move four squares down and capture the white stone. That's
obviously the best move because all of your stones are now connected.

Q: What happens if my move leads to winning positions for both, me and
my opponent (because I captured his last stone which is not connected
to the rest) ?
A: You made this move, you win !

Q: If I have only one stone left, is it a connected group and
therefore a winning position ?
A: Yes !
